## 2.3.0-pre.10-dev

Removed macro support from bindings

Changed bindingDefaults to only apply to the bindings defined in the
description in which it lives

Changed computed and observers to use space delimited string of dependent
properties instead of array (array still supported, but deprecated)

Computed properties now send previous and current values to their observers.

enyo.ViewController.resetView removed, replaced with resetView property that
controls if the view is automatically recreated when destroyed.

Removed internal "concat" property, replaced by concat static method on kinds.
Should have no application impact unless code was extending the framework in
very deep ways.

Fixed missing "release" event for end of hold gesture, bug introduced in
2.3.0.pre.8

Fixed regression with this.inherited's handling of replacement argumments.

enyo.trim() updated to use native String.prototype.trim() when available.

Change to enyo.Model `parse` method handling, before it was confusing to
developers because it was only executed under specific circumstances (there
were reasons for this) but now it will be executed on all fetched data and all
data passed to the constructor (when call `new enyo.Model` and passing
attributes, or when it is created using `enyo.store.createRecord` or an
_enyo.Collection_ instantiates it). This does require that the method checks
to see what data is being passed in if it was relying on this method to
reformat fields or meta-properties from remote data but also creates local
records that already have the correct data format.

Change to enyo.Model `merge` strategy that now accepts instanced record(s) or
data hash(es), can merge without forcing the record to be instanced, and to
remain inline with the `parse` method change will parse any data being merged
if it is a data hash (not if it is an instanced record). This method no longer
accepts the optional second parameter.

Change to enyo.Model `add` method that no longer accepts optional third
parameter and will automatically call the model's `parse` method if it is a
data-hash (not an instanced record).
